Hello dear friends Swami channel
dmitry orehogo and in today's video we
before your eyes we will test the leg and
revolutionary technology with wild for
ios devices
x touch the help of this technology you
can turn any surface
touch for example your what's the details in
this video went
in fact almost now
each user and you device
may try revolutionary
technology and by the way on your device
and for this he will be helped by two houses
application from the developer type fraks and
maggie xylophone you start 1 and on your
eyes we calibrate this application
first you have to make sure that
your iphone and ipad or ipod device
touch lies on a flat surface and
after this, by such actions you
must calibrate every frog and
after that voila what becomes
sensory literally
words and actually technology
so cool that it is not only
precisely in due time and correctly
appreciates in clicking on the table and and for
this does not need any special
sensors but also technology allows
recognize exactly the place on which
on which I hit on the table and understanding
this application uses this or that
the frog is in this case but agree
isn't that cool mobile lab
toronto university application
getting ready to introduce your children
able to turn any surface
control panel their work they
have called
and by the way blogs and become used by Olga
microphone and flags recognize any beats
fingers of the surface on which lies
devices and depending on the location in
who have hit the app
perform the necessary actions site nine to
five night made out the principle of work from
children he can work absolutely on
any existing device is equipped
we at least one one mic we
know that there are more that the iphone
for sure positive effect on
quality of work xh no
no additional sensors required
technology perceives unique
finish
acoustic change
not obtained by touching the surface
nolina different places after fast
calibration and by the way is capable of unmistakably
determine the place in which it was
committed touch such a method know a
action with the device opens
completely new features for games and
other applications more immediately
several people can manage one
device but isn't it the future
creators promises to publish
of children in the second quarter of this year and
many applications can
unambiguously transformed amore this
Leave a push for new products and you
know in my opinion even the technology
still quite damp and it can and
I think, too, to finish this
technology is possible to implement iphone 6
or even possibly, and what could
realize and in galaxy s5 because
technology circuit on the classroom and the future
She's a colossal one, but Cylon 3 banks
I hope the video was interesting for you as well
also join from our
subscribers and make sure that the channel
lady 3 ru tv is interesting
and informative about gadgets new
generations of games and much more to all
bye and see you